A Word Cloud slide lets participants submit words and phrases, and displays them all on screen — with the most popular growing largest at the centre.
Click New Presentation to open a fresh deck.
Select Word Cloud from the slide type picker — it's in the Interactive section.
Type the prompt your audience will respond to. A short, open-ended question works best.
Choose how many words each participant can submit — from 1 to 10. The default of 3 is a great starting point. You'll also find options for a time limit, profanity filter, and hiding results in the same panel.
Click Preview to see how the cloud looks before you go live.
On the participant screen, audience members type their words and tap Submit — watch the cloud react instantly.
As responses come in, the cloud builds live — the more often a word is submitted, the bigger it grows.
Each word lands in the cloud in a random colour, and the most-submitted word grows biggest at the centre.
Exit preview and head back to the editor to fine-tune your settings.
That's your Word Cloud slide set up. Hit Present — participants join on their phones, type their responses, and tap Submit. The cloud builds in real time right in front of the whole room.